today a day 26 of the government
shutdown its long a shutdown ever it
gets longer every day and since nobody
seems to be able to get any movement on
this the Republicans Democrats nobody's
even talking I want to make my case
directly to the president mr. president
your royal big leanest sir on the off
chance it you aren't watching judge
Jeanine Pirro with your pants off right
now I have something to share out we
know we know you said you're not gonna
end the shutdown until you get your
magical Mexican proof wall but you and I
both know that's not gonna happen it's
just not I know it's important to you
this wall but I'm gonna appeal to
something I think it's even more
important to you and I know it doesn't
mean much it's Donald Trump that a bunch
of Americans are being forced to work
without paychecks or that vital services
like food inspection and TSA
anti-terrorism efforts are being
compromised but I know what does matter
to you I know what you care about down
to the bottom of your Kentucky Fried
little heart and that is golf okay
Donald Trump's not has not been able to
play a round of golf in 52 days the only
time the president gets to yell for now
is when he tells his staff how many
whoppers he wants for lunch
you can't golf when the government shut
down his people go nuts it wouldn't look
good and that mr. president that is
killing it's killing it faster than
those 12 diet cokes you drank this
afternoon but here's the thing with one
crazy zigzag stroke of your executive
Sharpie you could be back on the greens
at mar-a-lago faster than you could say
Pocahontas you'll be right back out
there eating Club sandwiches and bossing
caddies around with the boys it's a
win-win for us and for you the federal
employees can go back to work you can
get back to doing what you do best
cheating at golf okay it's good for you
it's good for America we need you out on
the golf course as much as possible to
keep you from doing things so
[Applause]
let's play our way out of the rough
together is what I'm trying to say I am
Jimmy Kimmel click below to subscribe to
our YouTube channel or if you want to be
that way about it though